Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-16 8:51 PM]
Marketing is the core of any business.

You can have great marketing, and poor service / product delivery, and you'll still make some money.

If you have poor marketing, you can have the best service / product delivery, and you'll make nothing.

Focus on marketing first, and then optimizing other aspects in your business.

I see a lot of people starting a business spending 2 months on a website no ones going to see right away and then finally finishing, having no marketing, and sitting there with their D in their hand.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-16 9:02 PM]
Getting a 100% close rate doesn't necessarily mean you're doing a good job.

It's 100% a good thing, however it means there's money being left over on the table.

An ideal close rate is 35% - 40%.

This means that you can actually increase the pricing for your service (products I'm not entirely sure).

My suggestion is to try shooting for a bit higher in pricing for your sales calls, and see where they push back and start to drop off.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-16 9:13 PM]
I made a $100,000 mistake by making critical business decisions that weren't backed by data.

I lacked systems and tracking so my employees sales were purely off of how the account they were working on was performing.

The problem with this is, traffic is detrimental in my business and that was affecting sales more than anything... lack of traffic.

When I saw that sales were down, I changed employee structure, when it was better the way it was.

The point is, try to track as much as possible, whether it's sales calls outcomes, CTA's you're using in your videos, show up rates etc.

I highly recommend Airtable, it's $24 per month starting plan, but it's google sheets on steroids and worth every penny if used correctly.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-16 9:31 PM]
I would say a new businesses works like this (if it succeeds):

Create everything yourself and do everything yourself.

Hire employees to do the tasks you were doing.

With your free time, build systems to remove the processes your employees have to do.

These systems will allow you to either hire for a lower amount, and or help employees to do more in the same amount of time.

I can't say big startups use this structure because I'm not sure, but a lot of solopreneurs can use this structure and should see more success.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-17 1:14 AM]
Inconsistency is where people fail.

The competition that is succeeding, is always working day in day out.

At the start it's not easy to stay consistent especially when results aren't coming in.

But it's super important.

Believe me, I've been in very inconsistent stages, and even now there's more people that are consistent then me.

I believe if we all stay more consistent and show up trying to make 1 thing better in the business each day, we will make so much progress in years to come that the business can't fail.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-17 1:16 AM]
I'm currently trying to switch up my thinking of how I measure success in my days.

It's not easy.

Success can be measured by a lot of different ways, but I see one in particular.

The main way is whether or not today signed the most clients, or made the most money.

I measured it like that, but am switching to the measurement of getting things done.

At the start of your day, write out what you need to get done.

If you get all of it done, mark it as a successful day, if you didn't then it's not a successful day.

I believe this will remove more emotion out of our decisions and allow us to be able to work on progress and not results.

I'll test this over the next few months and report back on how it's been

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-17 1:21 AM]
I'm not a big fan of motivational quotes because I try to rely on discipline instead of motivation (however it's not always easy).

But a really good quote I like from a close friend and mentor who I look up to, Anyro, said to me once "Nothing's going to get easier you're only gonna get stronger".

I truly believe this is the case.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-17 1:39 AM]
I've failed more than my friends, family, and even strangers realise.

First business I tried was dropshipping when I was 14, and I sold this skincare tool.

I got 1 sale and thought I was going to be rich 😂.

Wasn't the case lol.

After that I tried making theme pages on instagram and selling promotions on them, I was semi-successful with it at my age (14 or 15), and ended up making around $100 every couple weeks maybe.

After that they got banned, so I tried hacking a video game and getting a lot of coins so I could sell them to people... I made like $5 a sale and maybe made $200 over the course of months 😂.

After this I quit my grocery store job and tried dropshipping again, failed (lost maybe $500 and I was about 16 years old).

After this I tried crypto, first week I was doing well, second week was even better, and then I remember, everything crashed and I lost about $5,000 (all the money that I had at that age, 16).

Next a tried a social media marketing agency, took this one really serious, day in day out 12 hours a day. 

Grinded with cold emails, and even tried buying a course (which my mom had lent me $700 for it, I was very lucky to receive that).

I booked less than 10 calls with potential clients over 3 months, none of them even being qualified.

After this I started an influencer marketing agency. I used the knowledge from the SMMA for this business.

First client I landed I made money and was able to get around $700 (not all profit but I'm not sure my expenses at this time, I also had a partner but we split up after this).

Second client I earned more, at this time I had another partner, we split up after this client too.

The third client I had, I used all my money from the last 2 clients to fund the marketing for them.

I did a really good job, great results, made more money then I could've imagined at 17 for having no education.

And then she ran off with my money (around $4k within 3 weeks of working).

On top of that I had a dinner with my friend for his birthday a few days before they didn't pay, and I was so excited I spent maybe $300 to give him an amazing birthday, expecting to be getting paid good money.

Now I had zero again.

There was a marketing strategy working really well for people on tiktok, but I couldn't get clients.

It was over, and then I got a client but they werent willing to spend time on that marketing strategy.

I got my hands on another strategy, not nearly as good as the tiktok one but something that brought me in some money, maybe $7,000 in profit.

At this point in time the strategy was no longer working and we stopped working together.

I'd basically given up (terrible decision which I regret).

A few months later I got into it again, and things had changed but my work ethic was there.

I grinded for 2 more months again with no progress and money so I gave up again.

Finally at the start of 2024, I was able to get an opportunity to run some strategies for an agency which helped me the entire year.

And then in september, everything crumbled... again.

We lost everything, started from scratch.

Now the last 6 months we've been locked in everyday trying to rebuild (and we've rebuilt a little bit but nowhere where we need to be).

A few things learned along the way which I will write more about in future messages;

Consistency would've helped me get to better places faster.

Some things I'm doing now I learned when I failed 5 years ago.

Staying in the house and just waking up trying to make progress is the best way to succeed in business.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-17 6:56 AM]
Some days I wake up and I really don't feel like working.

I'm not iron man and can flip on a switch where all of a sudden im in front of my computer just making progress.

I'm still looking for a solution on how to fix this feeling but I've found sitting in front of your computer trying to work is better than not doing it.

I think slow motion is better than no motion.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-17 2:58 PM]
Some tips I think a lot of businesses should use.

Find whatever aspect in your business drives in the most amount of money / is the most rewarded from time input to money output.

Whatever that is, focus your time more on that, then something that isn't generating a lot of money.

In other words, if content creation is bringing in 8/10 clients but you're spending 20 hours a week on it, vs cold email brings in 2/10 clients but you spend 1 hour a week on it, try putting more time into cold email.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-17 5:36 PM]
Make sure you're tracking everything. 

A key component a lot of people don't track is their customer LTV.

This is important because you can use this when marketing to decide how much you are willing to spend to acquire a customer.

If a free trial customer LTV is $7 (using the example I have from the industry I'm in) and we keep 50% of that, plus we have employee costs, in total we can spend $1.5 - $2 per customer.

One thing I've noticed is when running paid advertising (facebook, tiktok, etc.) the costs get cheaper with the more data these companies have.

That means if initially you're acquiring customers at a loss, that's okay because it'll take a bit to optimize it.

However make sure to not continue testing a losing market / advertisement. Don't spend $500 for no results.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-18 12:13 AM]
This cruel truth about employees is actually hurting them more than people realise.

The goal of a company is to have the lowest costs.

When trying to lower costs a key thing is employee salary.

As cruel as it seems, we are business people trying to pay the least amount of money, for the highest output.

If we can pay someone $5 an hour to get the job done, but we have another person we can pay $3 an hour to get the job done, we need to remove emotion and hire the cheaper and rewarding option.

This is the same reason amazon and these big companies don't throw out salary increases everyday, it's based on value.

Just remember, by hiring an employee, you're already doing the good thing of putting food on their table, there are terrible jobs out there that don't even give them this.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-18 2:05 AM]
A very difficult thing  I find in my business is progression.

I'm willing to sit here and do the work, but sometimes I lack the ideas on what to do to progress.

My current solution for this is just fixing things that are already there.

It's probably not the best solution but it's better than no solution and just sitting there.

Give it a go and tell me how it goes for you 💪.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-18 3:49 PM]
Should I hand out the salary increase to my employee they're asking for.

The answer varies case by case but you need to break it down.

Ask these simple questions: Is this employee replaceable for the same output?

If the answer is yes, 4/5 times they don't deserve an increase.

Here's an example situation:

Mary, Cooper, Carlos, and Henry are generating $10,000 in sales and is being paid $800 per month.

Everyone just starting except for Henry who's worked there for a year and is now asking for a salary increase.

If Mary, Cooper, and Carlos are just entering in the company and selling the same as Henry, unfortunately Henry is pretty replaceable, meaning he shouldn't be getting an increase.

If there's other factors such as his reliability and and loyalty that are drastic to the company, then maybe he deserves a raise.

If there's no other factors, we should not be giving the raise, and that's just the reality.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-18 8:52 PM]
I see a lot of people complaining about results but not showing up.

The truth about running things as your own business is that it's not all sunshines and rainbows.

In my experience, I've found everyday that I don't show up, there's pieces of information that my friends have found that I wasn't there for.

Show up everyday and move the needle forward, if you need break, sit in front of your desk and take the break while you look at things in your business so you can at least gameplan what you are going to fix.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-18 9:50 PM]
A lot of big entrepreneurs say your friend circle affects your success.

This to me is very true.

It doesn't always have to be people who are more successful than you, just people that work and lock in with you.

I've got 2 types of friends, the ones I hangout with once in a while for a laugh and some fun, and the other I sit in call with 14 hours of the day (sometimes we even fall asleep on calls and randomly wake up and work).

The progression we've gained over the last little while just locking in everyday working, discussing ideas, making progress, building systems, and so much more... is unbelievable.

I've found this for progression has beaten anything, because even while we're working, it doesn't always feel like it.

I highly advise finding people in your industry, and doing the same thing everyday and you will have less days where you don't show up and days with higher progression.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-19 5:50 PM]
Whenever you're lacking progress, do this:

Ask yourself if you are showing up everyday.

Ask yourself if you are testing different things and seeing how they respond.

Ask yourself if there's things you've already built, that could be further optimized (adding more automation, removing processes).

There's a lot of times that I experience I can make progress, but it's with things I don't want to do.

If we make it less about feeling and emotion when handling tasks, and about completion, we'll be able to get more done.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-19 8:50 PM]
Being proud of yourself is actually important.

People often say don't be proud and just do the work.

However I disagree.

Be proud, but continue to work and put in the effort to progress.

Don't be proud and tell yourself you deserve a vacation, your competition succeeding doesn't do this.

I'm proud of everyone who reads this and shows up everyday to get better! 😤

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-20 5:55 PM]
Try breaking your tasks down a bit more.

If you're working 14 hours a day, towards the end of the day (depending on what type of worker you are and when you get tired), do the tasks that require least amount of effort.

If you're working on a big project > do this when you have the most energy.

If it's later in the day and you're tired, send out those emails that you had to send out, or write up SOPs that you might need to finish.

Earlier in the day when your brain is switched on, focus on the things like automating, systems, marketing strategies etc.

By doing this, even at the point of people most tired, you'll move the needle forward and not waste energy on lower ROI things.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-21 12:33 AM]
Here's a few ways I've set up my sales driven business to maximize employee performance.

I've found employees get lazy with a standard salary + commission structure.

Gamifying your business is how you can increase performance.

We currently have 3 bonus systems.

The first one is personal daily performance, where there's a ladder of targets (i.e $100 = $5 payout + 1% extra commission, $150 = $10 payout + 2% commission etc.).

The second one is a invoice period bonus, which means if they hit their performance target 70% of the time, they get an additional 25% on their bonus amounts.

This bonus is to increase their performance consistency where if they aren't performing well enough, they don't receive an additional bonus.

The third bonus is a team performance bonus, and this is where every employee working on the same accounts, if they each hit their daily target, they get another bonus.

This is to promote team communication, and to make them feel like they need to perform so their fellow employees get paid more too.

People probably think all these bonuses make my margins really low, but they're relatively similar, if not slightly lower but with more money coming in.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-21 5:25 PM]
I take rest days but they're not like you'd think.

Even on a rest day, there's things we can do.

Moving the needle forward even slightly, is better than not moving it forward at all.

On the days you're tired and don't have a lot of brain power, these are the days to fix the things that don't require thinking.

E.g fixing a small bug on your website, sending out an easy email, looking into competitors strategies etc.

Just show up and the rest will come.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-21 6:04 PM]
Stop giving salary increases if it's not deserved.

I'm all for paying people a lot, but that's if we're getting the value out of it.

Businesses don't realise that salary is based on replaceability.

A systems engineer in your industry with experience, is much more irreplaceable than a engineer just coming in.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-22 4:45 PM]
To earn my respect is easier then most people would imagine.

I don't give it out based on achievements, I give it out based on effort.

Work day in day out, consistently, for a long time, and you'll have my respect.

Make excuses and skip days doesn't earn it.

My respect isn't important to most people, but how I measure it is, because it's how 95% of the top 1% give out theirs.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-23 12:34 AM]
Caring about profit margins too much will lose you money in the long run.

When scaling, your margins will always start to drop.

This is fine though because in actuality you're making more money.

$100,000 at 50% margins is netting $50,000.

$200,000 at 35% margins is netting $70,000.

You're making $20,000 more.

With saying this, don't ignore increasing your margins, just make sure you're not to fixated on it that you're not scaling when you should be.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-23 5:40 PM]
I've had co-founders in businesses and here's some tips you need to hear.

Founder friction is always bound to happen. To fix it, try to work together on understand each other better when it comes to tasks.

Not every decision will work out, so don't hate each other for it.

If your founder makes a decision and it doesn't work out, don't break him down for it, just figure out why it didn't work together, and take the loss together.

Try to be as open as possible with what you're doing, otherwise it seems like both parties aren't doing as much as they are.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-23 9:52 PM]
Reapproaching the way you word things could increase your responses.

The easier you can make things understood, the better the public responds to it.

Make it so understandable a 3rd grade reader understands it.

This doesn't mean you can't sound like an expert in your field, but don't use words people don't know.

For example Consolidate → Combine, combine is easier for people to understand.

We wanna limit the amount of thinking someone has to do.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-24 2:03 PM]
Saying something and doing it, is 1000x better than not saying something and not doing it.

You're damaging your reputation over time.

I can't count the amount of times that people I know have done this and how much less I believe them when they talk.

Say it and do it.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-24 5:43 PM]
My productivity 10x'd when I stopped following routines.

Routines restrict work you can get done on specific tasks.

If you have 2 hours to work on marketing, 3 hours to work on outreach, 2 hours to work on service delivery, you're limited.

Work on tasks, get the task done, move onto the next.

If you have things to do outside work, try to do them when you've got brain fog and can't think of things to do, so you're not wasting valuable time.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-25 8:52 PM]
My friend said something I really like.

People in life are lessons.

You need to look at everyone and how you've interacted with them, and see what you can learn from it.

Maybe a person does you wrong and you learned something.

Maybe someone does something good you wanna start doing.

Maybe the lesson you gain from them is an example of what you don't want to be.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-26 5:58 PM]
Earning a good life is better than having a good life.

To me, head down, hustling for a few years, and working day in day out, then going out and having fun, beats trying to go out because you can.

If you wanna make things work in business there has to be sacrifice and delayed gratification.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-27 1:57 AM]
Starting a business isn't as easy as it seems.

Everyone's mindset is simply, I have a great product / service, so I'll make good money on my own.

Wrong.

I know this because I've lived it... multiple times!

There's so many factors that go into a business and the most important one is marketing.

Focus on finding the gold, then how to mine it, not the other way around.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-27 3:26 AM]
I wanted to breakdown a business and show mistakes everyone does.

I will leave the link below, please give me some feedback!

https://www.loom.com/share/02ce5a2a7e6d40f0b41ebbec43f1bc67?sid=ef1a2caf-db65-4d04-8f31-cae99ff401b0

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-28 2:11 AM]
The business cycle should be like this:

Find marketing

Find how to make your service and product as good as you can

Find where you can make as much as you can from existing clients

Build systems around everything (automate deliveries, automate onboarding, streamline customer communication, track data automatically, etc.)

Scale up.

Systems can also be further up on the list if you want to ensure you have them right after marketing.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-31 1:32 AM]
In majority businesses, they are segmented into these categories:

Communication

Client Acquisition

Employees

Marketing

And the 5th is systems, and organization.

If you don't have all of these, then you're business is struggling and could be improved.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-31 2:02 AM]
Just a reminder that things will never get easier.

You'll only get stronger.

Feeling tired? Show up and work anyway, you'll be proud of yourself at the end of the day.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-03-31 6:04 AM]
When having a tough conversation with someone about a topic you need to bring up, but don't want to, make sure not to avoid it.

Too many times I've experienced this, and it's the root of failure.

The tough talks is sometimes jarring and annoying, but SUPER necessary.

If something isn't going your way, embrace it, and try to find a solution instead of apply metaphorical pain killers to it.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-01 1:48 AM]
Find what your successful competitors are doing, and recreate it.

Often times, people try to make a new trend when they can just jump on the wheel.

There's a reason why tiktok was successful, then instagram rolled out reels, youtube rolled out shorts, and snapchat rolled out spotlight.

It's because they're following a trend.

Do the same and you will find success.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-01 6:11 AM]
Struggling with things always sucks but here's what we can do to get passed it.

Try to focus on the things you can control, e.g the work you're doing, the effort you put in, the reasoning for your work.

I've struggling with lots of things, personal and business.

I've found I can't control results, just everything before that.

It's okay to struggle, just don't let it waste your time.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-01 5:27 PM]
Everything I write, is based off experience.

I'm not writing about business tactics I don't know about and haven't lived through.

I don't write about mindset things I don't use on a daily basis.

Everything is what I believe to be true in this moment, and based off my personal experience.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-01 8:14 PM]
I'm having major problems with progress right now.

Feeling super lazy and not very creative.

I think it's important I sit in my chair and try anyways.

Usually I've noticed I get momentum with things, so if I make some progress, I start to make more.

Will updated when I've fixed this and found the best solution.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-02 1:51 AM]
At the end of everyday, you're never really going to receive a successful result.

A lot of people have this problem, and it makes them feel stuck.

But if you stay committed, you start to see the results of your hard work.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-03 1:53 AM]
Alex Hormozi is personally responsible for a large portion of my growth in business knowledge.

However, what he says doesn't always apply to my business.

But what I do, is test the things that could apply to my business, and if they work, then they work wonderfully.

If they fail, I keep that knowledge in the back of my head for the future.

Listen to his content, he is 100% the truth and not a guru in my honest opinion.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-04 1:56 AM]
Alex Hormozi once said that you need to build up your failure resume.

I couldn't agree more.

Every successful person has not only failed inside of a business multiple times, but they've failed multiple businesses too.

Not only that, but they've had successful companies, then failed those and had to start again.

You need to embrace failure and turn it into lessons for the future.

See what went wrong and where you can improve.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-04 1:55 PM]
Passion is what will wake you up in the morning and get you to work quicker.

If you wake up and scroll on your phone instead of jumping into work, it's a lack of passion.

I asked Anyro who I look up to the most in the business world, and this is how he wakes up.

He's a man who gets up randomly after 3 hours of sleep and starts working.

No matter the task big or small, he always attacks it 100% regardless of the important.

His mindset is something I admire and hope I achieve one day.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-04 2:40 PM]
Here's the problem I noticed in my progress I was talking about a few days ago.

Like a video game, whenever going up against the big quests, it's always exciting, and more enjoyable to get the work done.

But when it's a side quest, something super small that isn't important.

This translates with business, when I'm setting up a massive system that has a lot of moving parts to it, I can lock in and enjoy work for 16 hours straight.

When it's a small task that seems like it won't have a big impact on the business, I get lazy with it.

This is the problem I've been facing.

The solution I'm going to use is stop measuring the tasks by the impact they have to the business, but just by whether they're completed or not.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-05 1:59 AM]
Here's reasons why my previous ventures failed.

Lack of capitalization; when things were working well, instead of taking risks and scaling, we staying stagnant and eventually died out.

Lack of systems; there was no organization in the business, lots of mess and communication problems.

Lack of effort; it got to a point where I was comfortable, and that's where we lost.

Lack of data; everything was based off emotions and visual decisions, adding data now has helped me make stronger business decisions.

I could list so many more reasons, these are just what I can think of.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-06 2:01 AM]
This channel has been for mainly the people close to me, and for myself.

It's been to remind me of all the things I've learned along the way.

To document everything I'm currently on.

And to help people not make the same mistakes I've already made.

By no means is it the best source for information, but there's some lessons in here I think are very helpful to people building businesses.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-09 4:45 PM]
Being in a worse situation might make your situation better.

For instance, if you're bedroom isn't clean, but it's not messy too, you probably won't clean it.

However if there's trash everywhere, and you're room is disgusting, it's more likely you'll clean it.

This is the same with everything in life, if you're living comfortably, you probably won't be bothered with fixing it.

But if you were in the slums, not knowing what's going to happen, you'll probably work harder to fix it.

This is why the wealthy people make it, because they push past this mental block and work hard regardless of them being in a good, bad, or okay situation.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-11 9:16 PM]
Try making a to-do list at the start of the day.

Keep working until you're finished it.

If you don't finish then you probably didn't get what you needed to get done today.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-21 4:55 PM]
Haven't posted for a bit. Been working on a project slightly bigger than everyday tasks.

Overall what I've learnt is that big projects are actually easier to do then small things.

Learning about them, getting to complete steps in them, it's exciting and easy to do.

The little projects that are more like 1 off tasks, become tough because it seems like you can get away with no doing them and they wont have an impact.

Try to treat every task and project with equal importance, it's not about one being more impactful, they both are no matter what (still prioritize).

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-22 8:02 PM]
A lot of people will be comfortable and that'll stop them from striving for more.

Take majority people in the middle class, they're living good, not terrible, can get what they need.

They are often people that work less than people in the upper class and in the lower class.

It's comfort that stops people from working as hard as they can, and that's where you need to push through.

If you push through that comfort, you will be better that 95% of people out there.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-04-24 10:37 AM]
The reason motivation is useless is because it's temporary.

Discipline is forever.

Having to be motivated and getting things done can only last so long.

Being disciplined and getting it done regardless of feelings, lasts forever.

Discipline just takes time and dedication (something I'm working towards getting better at).

Xavo's Documents, [2025-05-01 6:07 PM]
Not every outcome can be controlled

But the response to every outcome can be.

This means just because something isn't working or doesn't go your way, doesn't mean you give up, go do it again.

Majority people give up when things are tough and not working out, that's where the successful people win, because they move past it regardless of feelings.

Stay locked in and keep working 🥊

Xavo's Documents, [2025-05-02 10:53 AM]
Everything that I do might not be 100% enjoyable.

Sitting in front of the computer for 12 hours a day, isn't necessarily painful, but it's not fun.

But I do it because my mind imagines a life where my family has everything they need with no worries.

That's my fuel, try finding yours.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-05-04 11:04 AM]
Today, nothing good happened.

Yesterday nothing good happened.

Last week nothing good happened.

But I showed up, and moved the needle forward.

The results of what happened these days that 'nothing good happened' is just delayed.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-06-08 1:11 AM]
Haven't posted in a while. 

Things are going okay recently.

Not a lot of progress on my end, but showing up everyday and working harder everyday.

Happy with that and it's a matter of time before we see results.

Even without results being shown, I'm proud that I show up everyday no matter the feeling.

I believe being proud of your effort arguably more important than being proud of your achievement.

Will try to post more 🤞

Xavo's Documents, [2025-06-10 11:24 AM]
Today something unfortunate happened.

Our biggest client left. 

She was bringing in the most money for our company, by a landslide.

I'm a tough decision where I have to lay off employees.

I'm thinking of a way to keep everyone but it's difficult.

Decisions like these are tough, not because it's firing and employee, but it's because its laying them off for a mistake that's not theres.

I'll work to see if there's a way I can cut some peoples shifts and give them those so that they are making some money at least and not completely in the dark.

I try to treat my employees like they are soldiers in my army and every single one of them matter.

The bond I have between some of is unbelievable and their loyalty I believe is unmatched, which means I should always stay loyal to them.

There's always hiccups, I'll work to get out of this one even though it stings.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-06-18 7:46 PM]
My great friend Anyro and the person I look up to as a mentor once said:

"It's suffering twice to worried."

That's true.

Sometimes we can't control the outcome.

But sometimes we need to control our response to the outcome.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-06-26 11:43 AM]
If you make a bad decision you can't always control the outcome.

But you can control your response to it.

Regardless of what happens, and how you feel, find a way to work around it and make it work.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-06-26 12:24 PM]
Some notes I just wanna put out there, read it at least once:

You can get unlucky 1000 times, but all it takes is 1 lucky time for you to be finished.

Always talk about finances in the beginning and ensure that you are getting what you earned (talks about money are the hardest but most important).

When you get burned, just keep pushing forward.

Talking about doing a task isn't doing it, go out there and get it done.

Your feeling is irrelevant, get up and get it done.

Failing and not giving 100% is not failing, failing and giving 100% is true failure, and failure leads to success.

Sometimes things don't go your way, use it as a lesson instead of an excuse.

Never deal in bad faith, if you can steal from someone because a contract says you can and they misunderstood, don't take that opportunity.

Don't jump from business model to business model, you'll never succeed.

If you truly try something and give your 100% effort, you're unlikely to fail, and if you do, you'll have learnt a lot a long the way.

Do the boring and easy tasks that don't bring a lot of revenue when you have the least brain power (sending less important emails, logging things into a system, copy and paste work)

Marketing is the bottleneck of every business, but once it's figured out, there's a lot of money.

Don't hire someone and leave them with no guidance while you think they'll complete the task, then fire them when they don't.

If you're employee makes a mistake, use a framework to check "Did they know about the task they needed to do?", "Did they have the resources to complete the task they needed to do?", "Did they misunderstand something with the task?", "Was the deadline for the task clear?". Once all of these are answered, assess the next steps.

People get scared teaching an employee too much because they might run away with the information and use it themselves, if they can handle more, give them more, there's often a lot more detail that goes into recreating it from scratch then them just doing it for you.

Business is hard, discipline makes it easier.

Burn out is a real thing, but it doesn't mean you rest and stop working, get up, go work.

Days off are okay, but not if you're trying to succeed.

Networking is important, but don't use it as an excuse to work less.

Marketing isn't posting to social media once a day and expecting to be flooded with customers.

You don't need to give up your friends and purely focus on business, but if you work hard all day everyday, and they have a problem with it, then they're the problem.

It's easier to push when you're working closely with people that do a similar thing to you with a similar mindset.

Ask yourself "When was the last time I actually tried my best? Like 100% of my effort". Try your best. Like actually try your best. 

People who say they'll do something and never do it, aren't people you should trust or be in business with, they're unreliable (this is more task related instead of goal related).

Excuses are easier then hard work.

Copy your competition, if it's working for them, it's likely it'll work for you.

If you find a way you can work all day everyday and your productivity drops by 20%, it might be a good choice because overall you'll be working more than 100% productivity 4 days a week.

Who's cares if you fail.

You owe it to yourself to give it your best.

Tough talks are hard but necessary, just because there's a talk that makes you emotional, doesn't mean you should never have the talk, grow up and get through it.

It's suffering twice to be worried (this one was my friends but it really relates right now).

If you don't give 100%, give up, you're wasting your time.

If you're half assing something then what's the point of even doing it?

Don't go 90% of the way there just have a bad finish and quit early. finish strong always.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-06-30 3:20 PM]
It's not fair to half ass work.

People getting bombs dropped on them and buildings crushing over their families don't even get the option.

They would kill for the opportunity we have.

If they could work 14 hours a day so a bomb doesn't take one of their family members, they'd do it.

Just give it all you have a try your best.

Xavo's Documents, [2025-07-18 9:53 PM]
Been quiet. Had a lot of issues business wise.

Talked with someone today and they reminded that it's important to still put messages in here regardless of if I'm up or down in life.

Currently at a lower point and business took a major turn with a big loss.

At 0 and don't have a lot left right now, so just focusing on building it up before I'm completely wiped.

Big mistakes on my end that I will share over the next little bit.